doc[sandbox]: remove `HTMLDialogElement.showModal` from `allow-popups` (#39586)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/content-security-policy/sandbox/index.md

- `allow-pointer-lock`
  - : Allows the page to use the [Pointer Lock API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Pointer_Lock_API).
- `allow-popups`

>   - : Allows popups (created, for example, by {{domxref("Window.open()")}} or `target="_blank"`). If this keyword is not used, such functionality will silently fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Allows popups (created, for example, by {{domxref("Window.open()")}} or `target="_blank"`).
    If this keyword is not used, popup display will silently fail.
```
